W-15059913-downgrade-rtf-kt (#1250)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/downgrade-runtime-fabric.adoc

= Downgrading Runtime Fabric Versions

> If you need to downgrade Runtime Fabric version 2.6.x, you must downgrade the version by patching Runtime Fabric to the lower version, and if you use AM log forwarding, additionally perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to downgrade Runtime Fabric version 2.6.x, you must downgrade the version by patching Runtime Fabric to a lower version. If you use AM log forwarding, you must additionally perform the following steps:
```

. Enable daemon-set log forwarding by calling the following API (bearer token required):
+
----
curl -X PATCH -H 'Authorization: Bearer <bearer-token-here>' -H 'Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8' -H 'Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*' \
https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/runtimefabric/api/organizations/<orgId>/fabrics/<fabricId>/logforwarding/appScoped?enabled=false
----

> . Optionally, in the event am-log-forwarder daemon-set is not up and running, start the service by using either any of these options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optionally, if am-log-forwarder daemon-set is not up and running, start the service by using either any of these options:
```

> * In the Anypoint Monitoring UI (*RuntimeFabrics --> Fabric --> LogForwarding*) check the option *Show logs in Anypoint Monitoring*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the Anypoint Monitoring UI (*RuntimeFabrics --> Fabric --> LogForwarding*), check *Show logs in Anypoint Monitoring*.
```

* Send an API request:

+
----
curl -X PATCH -H 'Authorization: Bearer <bearer-token-here>' -H 'Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8' -H 'Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*' \
https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/runtimefabric/api/organizations/<orgId>/fabrics/<fabricId>/logforwarding -d '{"anypointMonitoring": true}'
----

[NOTE]

> Mule apps redeployed while Runtime Fabric agent version was 2.6.x, must be redeployed to reduce the resource allocation per the downgraded rtf-agent version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mule apps redeployed while Runtime Fabric agent version was 2.6.x must be redeployed to reduce the resource allocation per the downgraded rtf-agent version.
```

= Downgrading Runtime Fabric Versions

If you need to downgrade Runtime Fabric version 2.6.x, you must:

> . Patch Runtime Fabric to the lower version

Reviewer 2: 1. Downgrade runtime fabric.
2. Perform additional steps to switch to daemon set log forwarding. 
(These steps are applicable to customers that use AM log forwarding, other customers do not need these steps).

. <<downgrade-rtf,Downgrade Runtime Fabric version>>

== Downgrade Runtime Fabric Version

> To perform the downgrade of version, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After downgrading of runtime fabric, follow these steps:
```

. Enable daemon-set log forwarding by calling the following API (bearer token required):
+
----
curl -X PATCH -H 'Authorization: Bearer <bearer-token-here>' -H 'Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8' -H 'Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*' \
https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/runtimefabric/api/organizations/<orgId>/fabrics/<fabricId>/logforwarding/appScoped?enabled=false
----

. Optionally, in the event am-log-forwarder daemon-set is not up and running, start the service by using either any of these options:

* In the Anypoint Monitoring UI (*RuntimeFabrics --> Fabric --> LogForwarding*) check the option *Show logs in Anypoint Monitoring*.

> * Send an API request:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* OR Send an API request:
```
There are 2 ways either via UI as stated above or by means of API

Author: Yes, that's why I indicated:
"start the service by using either any of these options:"

Reviewer 2: Sorry my bad, I misread that.
